 https://codepen.io/timmcdonald/pen/xxZxxgj?editors=1100
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that gives meaning to our content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Used for the structure of our website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
Keyword used to modify or identify an HTML Element, placed in the opening Element Tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
A Heading tag, used for the most important Heading on the page, should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
the img tag requires the "src" attribute to point to the image file location, the anchor tag requires "href" when it's pointing to the location of a link or the segment of a page.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
meta data, for search engines
    7. What is an id? 
an attribute that gives an element a unique identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any elements that go in the body of the HTML page
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
only once
    10. What is a class? 
an attribute used to group different elements together
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any elements within the body
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add target="_blank" in the a tag, after the href which directs to the url
For example: <a href="https://www.website.com" target="_blank">click here</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
text used to describe the image in case the image cannot be displayed or rendered
    15. How do I reference an id?
you use "#idname"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
sections are large containers for content, and divs are smaller containers of content within sections
    17. What is CSS used for? 
used to style websites
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
classes are used to designate different groups of elements, and id's are used for unique elements.
For Example, you might want three paragraphs of text to have the color blue, and one paragraph to be in red.
You would use a class to make the text blue for the first three, and an id to specify which paragraph would be red.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.classname {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
If you are using nested elements, the nested element would be considered a "child" of the first element, its "parent", this can be useful when you want to modify nested elements without using classes or ids.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
a .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a CSS selector that has a specific state. For example: the hover pseudo-selector only activates when the cursor is hovering over content.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
    border-style: dotted;
    border-width: 1px;
    border-color: black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* like this */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
git rm filename
    34. Why should I use version control? 
It makes it easier to resort to an earlier version of a file if there is an error, makes it easier to test changes without modifying the original file.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
often, at least every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
-Create your own version of the repository by forking it
-add your TL as a collaborator
-clone the repo to your PC using gitbash
-use the 'cd' command to go to the newly cloned repo
-create your own branch using 'git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
-finish your assignment
-add your changes, with 'git add .'
-commit your changes, with 'git commit -m "helpful message"'
-push the changes to your own branch, using "git push -u origin 'firstname-lastname'"
-submit a pull request:
-on the pull request page make sure you are submitting a request from your own forked directory instead of original
-add your TL as a reviewer
-submit the request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
a block element will fill up all the horiztonal space it is given, an inline element will only take up as much space as necessary to display its data
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
It can be placed anywhere on the document, and its position is relative from its parent 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
You would use the inline-block display.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Block: div, paragraph, h1
Inline: span, anchor
Inline-block: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
The Box Model displays content by placing all HTML elements into boxes. The outermost box is the margin, then the border, then the padding, then the content. The content is the information we want to display on our webpage. The padding is the white space in between the content and the border. The border is a box around our content, and the margin is the white space around our border.
-The 'fix' is to use box-sizing
- box-sizing has three values: content-box, border-box, and padding-box
- can use the 'max-width' and 'min-width' values